Simulation of a new Assembly Department 

The finished product is a Train Frame, every time we have 6 of these ready, a Truck will be called to to pick
up the finished products and ship them.

The model is based on two levels(floor 0 and floor 1), our focus will be mainly on floor 1: 

Floor 0 in which we have 3 different processing areas: Cutting, Stamping and Folding
In each of these processing areas we have different batches of components that will serve to assemble/create the finished product. 
In the excel spreadsheet you can see the following information:
- Processing_location: the source from which the batch of each component is ready to be delivered;
- Batch_id: the unique id of each batch of components; (this one will be generated after the 1st batch is finished)
- Component_id: unique id of each component;
- Batch_size: the nr. of components in the batches;
- PF_components: the nr. of components of that category needed in the assembly of the FP;
- Needs_Welding: if the batch needs to be weld in floor 1 before it gets stored.
Each processing area has its own forklift that moves the batches to the specific elevator.

The different floors are linked through 2 elevetors: 

All the batches from cutting use Elevator 1;
All the batches from Stamping and Folding use Elevator 2;
These elevators has a specific capacity wich is of maximum 5 batches/pallets and can cotain only batches, not forklifts.

Floor 1 is organized as follows:

There are 2 forklifts that helps in the movement of batches.

After the batches arrive, either they need to be weld or not(Needs_Welding in the spreadsheet). 
If yes the batches go to the welding area where they will be weld and then they move to be stored in the WIP Inventory;
If no the batches go directly to the WIP Inventory.

Production Area:

As stated in the spreadsheet (PF_components) each Finished Product will need a specific amount of that component that will serve to assemble it.

The production area is organized as follow, following this flow:
- 2 Assembly Stations (with 2 workers each)
- 1 Sealing Station (with 1 worker)
- 1 Test Station;
- 1 Test Station in Water;

The finished product is assembled in either one of the 2 assembly station, it gets sealed, tested normally and finally tested in water.
The movement of the finished product from one station to another is done by a crane.
It moves it from the assembly station to the sealing, to the test and finally to the test station in water.

Once the Testing in Water is done the Crane moves the Finished Product and store it in a rack. The FP storage area is close to the production area. 
Every 6 Finished Products a Truck is called and the racks are moved with forklifts to the truck.











